what's up gamers I'm not here today I'm
gonna show you something really cool
that me my dad made this weekend and you
can too so without further ado here it
is now I know this doesn't look like
much now but you're wondering diamond
what the heck is this thing well I'll
tell you this my friends this is a
hovercraft now the one skip right to the
action of this video there will be a
little tag right here they'll tell you
what time to skip to ever those of you
who want to stick around i'll be giving
a brief walkthrough of what this machine
was made out of so that further ado here
it is now it's the pause you'll need for
this machine are very easy to get and
very cheap for instance this lawn chair
for example i found out walmart for
eight dollars wasn't that expensive and
there are a bunch of other chairs there
but this still happened to be the
cheapest you can find this to any of
your local stores that may sell outdoor
equipment so it's not that hard to find
down here is an old leaf blower engine
that I've found lying around my house
what this does is it blows through a
hole that cut in this pod would that
find a home depot I sealing it off with
duct tape so no air will seep out when
it what's sawn oh here is just a few
blocks to keep it steady and straight so
the air will go straight down I duct
taped it so it'll stay like that not
fall off over here is some more wood
that I glued to ply wood and I screwed
this through the chair legs so it will
stay on and won't fall off once I sit in
it also this tube lining I found at home
depot wasn't that hard final is very
cheap this acts as a bumper if I were to
hit something while I'm writing it now
under here is a shower curtain I found
at walmart it was very cheap when they
expend
live and it's just an average soccer
team it's heavy duty it's clear and it
was just set perfectly for this now also
cut some holes on the shower curtain so
it will make the Machine lift I put a
little live to an old paint can so this
plastic will stay flat and it won't just
bubble up now on top is the shark earn
its folded up and I use the nail gun
just staple through all the way around
the plywood and all the way back I duct
tape it so just in case if air were to
see foul it won't come out now the palm
of I got home depot I use the jigsaw so
I can cut it into a fine rounded circle
the way I may it so round is that I made
a makeshift compass I hammering a nail
right in the center where this X is I
don't hoping see it or not but I tied a
string around it and I stretched all the
way out to about 4 feet yeah I got a
sharpie I just went around and I
outlined where I need to cut now more
information look down below in the
description there will be a link there
that will take it to geek dot-com with
our call spam now we show you a couple
of clips that film while we were testing
out the machine all right here we go
test one that's what
is that okay hold on test what of our
hovercraft actually this is test two
holes test would take two
success I've go test this theory
ok we're going to try it full power haha
great ok how take two
well I mean he's got to lean back way
back when I will try to take how did all
that back low-power hit
that bounced it up all right we made vol
cases yeah sbarro to use for lift and
more patrol we'll see how that goes if
we do the else would i look back oh okay
the screw the back so it will start up
put the switch hit
I think it did and that's about it I
hope you guys enjoyed I sure enjoyed it
is lovely I came out of it unscathed
well uh sent me for this SIA smash it
when I was working on the machine real
smooth down hard real smooth anyways
thank you all for watching remember to
comment subscribe share with your
friends and just share that like button
if you enjoyed watching this hope to see
you guys real soon as the future videos
but until then this is sound heart
signing off